Smartsheet Connector -New branch for clean PR (#1321)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: smartsheet/1.0/modules/ROOT/pages/smartsheet-connector-reference.adoc

| Streaming Type a| Enumeration, one of:

** AUTO
** ALWAYS
** NEVER |  Defines if the request should be sent using streaming. Setting the value to AUTO automatically defines the best strategy based on the request content. |  AUTO |
| Expiration Policy a| <<ExpirationPolicy>> |  Configures the minimum amount of time that a dynamic configuration instance can remain idle before Mule considers it eligible for expiration. This does not mean that the platform expires the instance at the exact moment that it becomes eligible. Mule purges the instances as appropriate. |  |
|===

==== Connection Types
[[Config_Oauth20]]
===== Oauth2 0 Connection Provider

====== Parameters

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Default Headers a| Array of <<DefaultHeader>> |  |  |
| Query Parameters a| Array of <<DefaultQueryParam>> |  |  |
| Connection Timeout a| Number |  The timeout for establishing connections to the remote service |  30 |
| Connection Timeout Unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  A time unit that qualifies the Connection Timeout |  SECONDS |

> | Use Persistent Connections a| Boolean |  If false, each connection will be closed after the first request is completed. |  true |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Use Persistent Connections a| Boolean |  If false, each connection is closed after the first request is completed. |  true |
```

| Max Connections a| Number |  The maximum number of outbound connections to keep open at the same time |  -1 |
| Connection Idle Timeout a| Number |  A timeout for how long a connection can remain idle before it is closed |  30 |
| Connection Idle Timeout Unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  A time unit that qualifies the connection Idle Timeout |  SECONDS |
| Proxy Config a| <<Proxy>> |  Reusable configuration element for outbound connections through a proxy |  |
| Stream Response a| Boolean |
Whether or not to stream received responses, which means that processing continues as soon as all headers are parsed, and the body is streamed as it is received.
 |  false |

> | Response Buffer Size a| Number |  The space, in bytes, for the buffer where the HTTP response will be stored. |  -1 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Response Buffer Size a| Number |  The space, in bytes, for the buffer to store the HTTP response. |  -1 |
```

| Authorize Path a| String |  The path of the local HTTP endpoint that triggers the OAuth dance |  | x
| External Callback Url a| String |  If the callback endpoint is behind a proxy or should be accessed through an indirect URL, use this parameter to tell the OAuth provider the URL it should use to access the callback |  |
| Object Store a| String |  A reference to the object store that should be used to store each resource owner ID's data. If not specified, Mule automatically provisions the default object store. |  |
|===

== Supported Operations
* <<CreateSheets>>
* <<CreateSheetsCopyBySheetId>>
* <<CreateSheetsDiscussionsCommentsBySheetIdDiscussionId>>
* <<CreateSheetsRowsAttachmentsBySheetIdRowId>>
* <<CreateSheetsRowsBySheetId>>
* <<CreateSheetsRowsCopyBySheetId>>
* <<DeleteSheetsBySheetId>>
* <<DeleteSheetsRowsBySheetId>>
* <<GetSearchSheetsBySheetId>>
* <<GetSheetsBySheetId>>
* <<GetSheetsRowsBySheetIdRowId>>
* <<Unauthorize>>
* <<UpdateSheetsBySheetId>>
* <<UpdateSheetsRowsBySheetId>>

==== Associated Sources
* <<OnNewOrUpdatedRowInSheetTrigger>>

== Operations

[[CreateSheets]]
== Create Sheet
`<smartsheet:create-sheets>`

> Creates a new sheet in the user's Sheets folder. This operation makes an HTTP POST request to the /sheets endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates a new sheet in the user's Sheets folder. This operation makes an HTTP POST request to the sheets endpoint.
```

Reviewer: or `/sheets`

** AUTO
** ALWAYS
** NEVER |  Defines whether to send the request using streaming. If the value is set to `AUTO`, the best strategy is automatically determined based on the content of the request. |  |
| Target Variable a| String |  Name of the variable that stores the operation's output |  |
| Target Value a| String |  Expression that evaluates the operation's output. The expression outcome is stored in the target variable. |  #[payload] |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<Reconnect>>
* <<ReconnectForever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors |  |
|===

=== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Any
| Attributes Type a| <<HttpResponseAttributes>>
|===

=== For Configurations

* <<Config>>

=== Throws

* SMARTSHEET:BAD_REQUEST
* SMARTSHEET:CLIENT_ERROR
* SMARTSHEET:CONNECTIVITY
* SMARTSHEET:INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR
* SMARTSHEET:NOT_ACCEPTABLE
* SMARTSHEET:NOT_FOUND
* SMARTSHEET:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* SMARTSHEET:SERVER_ERROR
* SMARTSHEET:SERVICE_UNAVAILABLE
* SMARTSHEET:TIMEOUT
* SMARTSHEET:TOO_MANY_REQUESTS
* SMARTSHEET:UNAUTHORIZED
* SMARTSHEET:UNSUPPORTED_MEDIA_TYPE

[[CreateSheetsCopyBySheetId]]
== Copy Sheet
`<smartsheet:create-sheets-copy-by-sheet-id>`

> Creates a copy of the specified sheet. This operation makes an HTTP POST request to the /sheets/{sheetId}/copy endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates a copy of the specified sheet. This operation makes an HTTP POST request to the `/sheets/{sheetId}/copy` endpoint.
```

| Target Variable a| String |  Name of the variable that stores the operation's output |  |
| Target Value a| String |  Expression that evaluates the operation's output. The expression outcome is stored in the target variable. |  #[payload] |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<Reconnect>>
* <<ReconnectForever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors |  |
|===

=== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Any
| Attributes Type a| <<HttpResponseAttributes>>
|===

=== For Configurations

* <<Config>>

=== Throws

* SMARTSHEET:BAD_REQUEST
* SMARTSHEET:CLIENT_ERROR
* SMARTSHEET:CONNECTIVITY
* SMARTSHEET:INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR
* SMARTSHEET:NOT_ACCEPTABLE
* SMARTSHEET:NOT_FOUND
* SMARTSHEET:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* SMARTSHEET:SERVER_ERROR
* SMARTSHEET:SERVICE_UNAVAILABLE
* SMARTSHEET:TIMEOUT
* SMARTSHEET:TOO_MANY_REQUESTS
* SMARTSHEET:UNAUTHORIZED
* SMARTSHEET:UNSUPPORTED_MEDIA_TYPE

[[CreateSheetsDiscussionsCommentsBySheetIdDiscussionId]]
== Add Comment
`<smartsheet:create-sheets-discussions-comments-by-sheet-id-discussion-id>`

> Adds a comment to a discussion. This operation makes an HTTP POST request to the /sheets/{sheetId}/discussions/{discussionId}/comments endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a comment to a discussion. This operation makes an HTTP POST request to the `/sheets/{sheetId}/discussions/{discussionId}/comments` endpoint.
```

** ALWAYS
** NEVER |  Defines if the request should be sent using streaming. Setting the value to AUTO automatically defines the best strategy based on the request content. |  |
| Target Variable a| String |  Name of the variable that stores the operation's output |  |
| Target Value a| String |  Expression that evaluates the operation's output. The expression outcome is stored in the target variable. |  #[payload] |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<Reconnect>>
* <<ReconnectForever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors |  |
|===

=== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Any
| Attributes Type a| <<HttpResponseAttributes>>
|===

=== For Configurations

* <<Config>>

=== Throws

* SMARTSHEET:BAD_REQUEST
* SMARTSHEET:CLIENT_ERROR
* SMARTSHEET:CONNECTIVITY
* SMARTSHEET:INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR
* SMARTSHEET:NOT_ACCEPTABLE
* SMARTSHEET:NOT_FOUND
* SMARTSHEET:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* SMARTSHEET:SERVER_ERROR
* SMARTSHEET:SERVICE_UNAVAILABLE
* SMARTSHEET:TIMEOUT
* SMARTSHEET:TOO_MANY_REQUESTS
* SMARTSHEET:UNAUTHORIZED
* SMARTSHEET:UNSUPPORTED_MEDIA_TYPE

[[CreateSheetsRowsAttachmentsBySheetIdRowId]]
== Add File to Row
`<smartsheet:create-sheets-rows-attachments-by-sheet-id-row-id>`

> Attaches a file to the specified row. This operation makes an HTTP POST request to the /sheets/{sheetId}/rows/{rowId}/attachments endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Attaches a file to the specified row. This operation makes an HTTP POST request to the `/sheets/{sheetId}/rows/{rowId}/attachments` endpoint.
```

** AUTO
** ALWAYS
** NEVER |  Defines if the request should be sent using streaming. Setting the value to AUTO automatically defines the best strategy based on the request content. |  |
| Target Variable a| String |  Name of the variable that stores the operation's output |  |
| Target Value a| String |  Expression that evaluates the operation's output. The expression outcome is stored in the target variable. |  #[payload] |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<Reconnect>>
* <<ReconnectForever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors |  |
|===

=== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Any
| Attributes Type a| <<HttpResponseAttributes>>
|===

=== For Configurations

* <<Config>>

=== Throws

* SMARTSHEET:BAD_REQUEST
* SMARTSHEET:CLIENT_ERROR
* SMARTSHEET:CONNECTIVITY
* SMARTSHEET:INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR
* SMARTSHEET:NOT_ACCEPTABLE
* SMARTSHEET:NOT_FOUND
* SMARTSHEET:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* SMARTSHEET:SERVER_ERROR
* SMARTSHEET:SERVICE_UNAVAILABLE
* SMARTSHEET:TIMEOUT
* SMARTSHEET:TOO_MANY_REQUESTS
* SMARTSHEET:UNAUTHORIZED
* SMARTSHEET:UNSUPPORTED_MEDIA_TYPE

[[CreateSheetsRowsBySheetId]]
== Add Rows
`<smartsheet:create-sheets-rows-by-sheet-id>`

> Inserts one or more rows into the specified sheet. This operation makes an HTTP POST request to the /sheets/{sheetId}/rows endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inserts one or more rows into the specified sheet. This operation makes an HTTP POST request to the `/sheets/{sheetId}/rows` endpoint.
```

** AUTO
** ALWAYS
** NEVER |  Defines if the request should be sent using streaming. Setting the value to AUTO automatically defines the best strategy based on the request content. |  |
| Target Variable a| String |  Name of the variable that stores the operation's output |  |
| Target Value a| String |  Expression that evaluates the operation's output. The expression outcome is stored in the target variable. |  #[payload] |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<Reconnect>>
* <<ReconnectForever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors |  |
|===

=== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Any
| Attributes Type a| <<HttpResponseAttributes>>
|===

=== For Configurations

* <<Config>>

=== Throws

* SMARTSHEET:BAD_REQUEST
* SMARTSHEET:CLIENT_ERROR
* SMARTSHEET:CONNECTIVITY
* SMARTSHEET:INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR
* SMARTSHEET:NOT_ACCEPTABLE
* SMARTSHEET:NOT_FOUND
* SMARTSHEET:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* SMARTSHEET:SERVER_ERROR
* SMARTSHEET:SERVICE_UNAVAILABLE
* SMARTSHEET:TIMEOUT
* SMARTSHEET:TOO_MANY_REQUESTS
* SMARTSHEET:UNAUTHORIZED
* SMARTSHEET:UNSUPPORTED_MEDIA_TYPE

[[CreateSheetsRowsCopyBySheetId]]
== Copy Rows to Another Sheet
`<smartsheet:create-sheets-rows-copy-by-sheet-id>`

> Copies rows from the specified sheet to the bottom of another sheet. This operation makes an HTTP POST request to the /sheets/{sheetId}/rows/copy endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copies rows from the specified sheet to the bottom of another sheet. This operation makes an HTTP POST request to the `/sheets/{sheetId}/rows/copy` endpoint.
```

** AUTO
** ALWAYS
** NEVER |  Defines if the request should be sent using streaming. Setting the value to AUTO automatically defines the best strategy based on the request content. |  |
| Target Variable a| String |  Name of the variable that stores the operation's output |  |
| Target Value a| String |  Expression that evaluates the operation's output. The expression outcome is stored in the target variable. |  #[payload] |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<Reconnect>>
* <<ReconnectForever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors |  |
|===

=== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Any
| Attributes Type a| <<HttpResponseAttributes>>
|===

=== For Configurations

* <<Config>>

=== Throws

* SMARTSHEET:BAD_REQUEST
* SMARTSHEET:CLIENT_ERROR
* SMARTSHEET:CONNECTIVITY
* SMARTSHEET:INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR
* SMARTSHEET:NOT_ACCEPTABLE
* SMARTSHEET:NOT_FOUND
* SMARTSHEET:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* SMARTSHEET:SERVER_ERROR
* SMARTSHEET:SERVICE_UNAVAILABLE
* SMARTSHEET:TIMEOUT
* SMARTSHEET:TOO_MANY_REQUESTS
* SMARTSHEET:UNAUTHORIZED
* SMARTSHEET:UNSUPPORTED_MEDIA_TYPE

[[DeleteSheetsBySheetId]]
== Delete Sheet
`<smartsheet:delete-sheets-by-sheet-id>`

> Deletes the specified sheet. This operation makes an HTTP DELETE request to the /sheets/{sheetId} endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deletes the specified sheet. This operation makes an HTTP DELETE request to the `/sheets/{sheetId}` endpoint.
```

** AUTO
** ALWAYS
** NEVER |  Defines if the request should be sent using streaming. Setting the value to AUTO automatically defines the best strategy based on the request content. |  |
| Target Variable a| String |  Name of the variable that stores the operation's output |  |
| Target Value a| String |  Expression that evaluates the operation's output. The expression outcome is stored in the target variable. |  #[payload] |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<Reconnect>>
* <<ReconnectForever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors |  |
|===

=== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Any
| Attributes Type a| <<HttpResponseAttributes>>
|===

=== For Configurations

* <<Config>>

=== Throws

* SMARTSHEET:BAD_REQUEST
* SMARTSHEET:CLIENT_ERROR
* SMARTSHEET:CONNECTIVITY
* SMARTSHEET:INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR
* SMARTSHEET:NOT_ACCEPTABLE
* SMARTSHEET:NOT_FOUND
* SMARTSHEET:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* SMARTSHEET:SERVER_ERROR
* SMARTSHEET:SERVICE_UNAVAILABLE
* SMARTSHEET:TIMEOUT
* SMARTSHEET:TOO_MANY_REQUESTS
* SMARTSHEET:UNAUTHORIZED
* SMARTSHEET:UNSUPPORTED_MEDIA_TYPE

[[DeleteSheetsRowsBySheetId]]
== Delete Rows
`<smartsheet:delete-sheets-rows-by-sheet-id>`

> Deletes one or more rows from the specified sheet. This operation makes an HTTP DELETE request to the /sheets/{sheetId}/rows endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deletes one or more rows from the specified sheet. This operation makes an HTTP DELETE request to the `/sheets/{sheetId}/rows` endpoint.
```

Reviewer: DITTO GLOBAL
